efe barcelona will continue
for the future last hour that is breathed in the club
while the bbc reporters explain by disorder
But nothing more
it was a barrage the relationships still detected robbers assaulted the
most outstanding fall the third regatta surfing the net from Bolságora see
who will gain time to resist a correct
hello good night has not broken relations but eye has warned of how it will be
break relationships in continuing to take advantage of the network
and you are going to see the president sandro rosell who has also said eye what
he's saving himself from the club
at the time of making photocopies before the ati in color now the safe in white and
black austerity policy right away you'll know how much the barza is saved
you will have to make photocopies bush in black and white but important what
alexis sanchez tell you
the player won the applause of the fans
the call for having left all this going to take to the headquarters for the
rotary that knows how to make a caravan that is necessary to pass of round but not
it's yesterday is an example that went to the smallest detail
can control it pedro sula the barsa yes because there any one of 400
euros in a meal
the accounts that went through the fourth
and not presumably because it is demonstrated therefore points portal
I will use the allegedly I say
that work of 700 euros
take it out no wonder that now he is called by kicking towards the cobbler photo by
the protests that were presented
Kim
according to alexis sánchez waives to charge
in an offer that Manchester City makes 2 million euros less per year
in the barsa and one million euros less with respect to the offer of the inter of Milan
he just wants to go to the barsa god alive in the club they are optimistic no matter how pocho
has taken off and said 50 million euros the barsa will pay in
total there was willing to pay
40 million euros in the operation
as human beings to this very easy time and now karma those 28 million euros
fixed
but eye then we would have to see it 5 million euros in variable variables
that would be relatively easy
d get and eye a player although he has talked about two always and says
jonathan soriano the truth is that so far they have only spoken with
jeffrén this afternoon they have told him that they do not count on him and that there is an offer of
udinese will happen to him and efrén in 7 million euros the price of the player is
making determinant as is diego and in total they calculate that those 40 million
euros could be
s the total price of the operation and that eguren that could accept for that
price the transfer of alexis sanchez tell me that today he has not
traveled but could do it tomorrow and if it comes it will not be to press
the pocho family does not, although she is to sign and to pass the medical examination
if he is aware of what he says, brakes and Jonathan Soriano, nobody has said anything
but if it slows down in the end it affects your father had said that until the
European Union does not speak but it is accepted that the operation is closed with those figures and
alexis sanchez pass by del barsa